=The Truth=
=Episode 14=
Master,
you just let her walk away?
We don't have enough evidence right now
that proves Pang Xianglan is responsible
for Pang Xinghua's death.
(I know)
(you want to go further.)
Master,
you're thinking
about Zhan Qiuman's case, right?
What's the foundation of our casework?
Evidence.
But with cases like Pang Xianglan's,
sometimes we need a bit of luck too.
Like you said, physical evidence
at the scene speaks,
and it depends on
whether we're qualified listeners.
Eat up.
It's getting cold.
What did you write?
Tell me what this is.
I can't understand a word of it.
You knew the crime scene
posed potential dangers,
so why did you charge in?
Master, I'm a cop.
I had to go in that situation.
Listen, Ye Qian.
You are a cop,
but you only have one life.
I've told you repeatedly.
Keep a level head.
We solve cases using our brains,
not guts.
Rewrite this report.
I'm so unphotogenic?
Nice progress.
When are you taking the next step?
The next step?
The next step is a showdown.
Pick a few nice photos later
and send them to Mr. Bao.
It's time to show him our next move.
Are you sure about Ye Qian?
Relax.
Now that he tried 'Meat,'
it's not so easy to quit.
He'll be begging us then.
Working overtime?
Yeah, just organizing some files.
Nothing to do at home anyway.
Cops are human too.
Do it tomorrow. Let's go.
Where to?
Haven't eaten, huh?
No.
I'll buy you dinner.
I-I left it on on purpose.
I figured I'd come back later
and do a bit more work.
Workaholic, aren't you?
Let's go.
One more dish coming up.
Okay.
Qiming,
how's your father doing?
- He's fine.
- Here.
Let me know if anything comes up.
We're all in the same complex.
Are tables three and seven ready?
Your eldest?
- When's the due date for the second?
- Jing.
November.
We're off.
That's soon.
- Come again.
- Yes.
Just hoping
these next few months go smoothly,
without a hitch.
No unexpected problems.
How's your father?
He's alright.
How about I come by and see him later?
No need.
You shouldn't shoulder everything alone.
We're like family.
Many hands make light work
and someone to talk with.
Alright.
Lei, we're heading off.
Okay.
How was the food? Okay?
It was great.
It really was.
Take care.
Ms. Liu's dog
had another litter of pups.
Should we get another one?
The shop's too busy.
We can't care for it well.
A puppy is a lifelong commitment.
Like having another kid.
Can't bear to outlive another.
You didn't eat much.
Let me make you some dumplings.
Okay.
Dumplings are ready.
Let's eat together.
I'm not hungry. You eat.
You won't eat?
No. You eat.
Dad, look.
Who's come to see you?
Over here.
Sir.
My dad is always like this.
He ignores people.
Take this.
And this too.
Sir,
I was busy with work
and couldn't visit you.
I'm sorry.
It's He Changchun's case.
That day, Ye Qian and I went out to sea
and scattered his parents' ashes
into the sea.
At that moment, I thought
a person's life
is just a handful of dust.
Once it enters the sea,
it's gone forever.
But the memories of them remain.
In the hearts of those still living.
It's time for your dad's meds?
Yes.
Let me.
Dad, it's time to take your medicine.
Time for your medicine.
Take this one first. Give me your hand.
Is it too hot?
Slow down.
Good.
Let's take one more, okay?
How about this one?
Here you go.
What's up?
I came to see you.
You took all your stuff from the dorm.
What's going on?
It's nothing.
Steamed buns, rice rolls,
and fried dough.
What do you want?
Thanks.
When will you come back?
Didn't you say I was annoying?
I did find you annoying before.
But now that you're suddenly gone,
I woke up and saw your bed empty
in the morning,
I felt really empty inside.
Really, bro.
You're my buddy.
If anything happens, tell me.
I'll definitely help you.
What exactly do you want?
Just say it.
I came just to prove
I consider you my buddy.
Well, Little Zhao wants me
to take her to a volunteer event
in a couple of days.
I think it's a good opportunity.
You've known her since childhood.
And you know what she likes.
So just let me know.
Bro, what does she like?
This.
(No-Name Diner)
Ziwu,
wontons are ready soon.
Wait a moment.
Your steamed buns.
Thank you.
Here's yours.
- Thank you.
Be careful. Don't burn yourself.
- Captain Leng.
- Busy?
Let's have a drink tonight.
Sure.
I'm leaving.
- You book the place.
- Okay.
Excuse me.
Your wontons are ready.
(No-Name Diner)
Here, little one. Eat up.
Jiao.
Your apron.
You ran off with it?
Here.
Right.
Don't forget
to deliver lunch to Mr. Leng.
No worries. I won't forget.
- I'm off.
- Take care, Ziwu.
Come on.
Oh my.
It's raining again.
Alright. It's just a sun shower.
Let's go.
How's your search for a boyfriend going?
Don't ask.
Such things can't be rushed.
Look, I knew Jing for a couple of years
before we started dating.
You need to spend more time together
to get to know each other well.
Though we know each other well,
he might not even be interested.
You mean Captain Leng, right?
No.
- I knew it ages ago.
- Don't you dare say anything.
Alright, I know nothing.
Absolutely nothing.
I think what you and Jing have
is really great.
Don't be jealous.
You'll find someone you truly know
and like too someday.
Perfect timing.
The precinct reported a homicide
at Building 11, Fuquan Community.
We'll catch up.
Let's go.
We received a report saying
two people were dead here.
One of them was a pregnant woman.
She was already dead when we arrived.
The man was still breathing.
He was sent to the hospital.
The nanny called it in.
Okay, you go ahead.
Okay.
Jiang Yuzhen?
Yes.
Tell us what happened.
Well, I bought groceries
this morning and came over.
I found Mr. Liao and Ms. Song
hadn't gotten up yet.
Ms. Song usually slept in,
while Mr. Liao
usually does morning exercises.
I saw his shoes and bag were still here,
so I figured he hadn't gone out.
So I started doing chores
in the outer room.
But when I nearly finished my work,
they still hadn't gotten up.
I started to worry.
I knocked on the door.
No response. No sound at all.
Opening the door, I went in.
Both of them looked off.
I went closer to check,
and neither was breathing.
So I called the police right away.
Do you usually come at this time?
No, I'm a live-in nanny.
I usually live here.
Yesterday Ms. Song said
it was her birthday,
and she wanted to have some alone time
with Mr. Liao.
She gave me the day off, so I went home.
What time did you leave yesterday?
7 PM.
I left after making dinner.
Did you touch anything?
No.
I rarely go into their bedroom.
When you arrived today,
did you notice anything unusual?
No.
How would you describe their marriage?
They weren't married.
Mr. Liao hadn't gotten a divorce yet.
I'm Liao Guangyong's family.
You're Liao Guangyong's family?
Yes.
I'm his wife.
We're Fuquan Road Police.
Your husband is in surgery.
What happened to him?
The doctor will explain shortly.
Is Liao Guangyong's family here?
Yes, here.
How is he, Doctor?
He's stable for now
but not out of the woods yet.
Prepare yourself.
Let's get him admitted.
He'll be transferred soon.
You said earlier
you're Fuquan Road Police?
What happened to my husband?
He was poisoned.
What about Song Ying?
She's dead.
Nobody passwords their laptops
these days?
I don't use passwords at home.
A suicide note?
(Suicide Note)
(Song Ying)
Given what you knew, did Song Ying
seem like someone who'd commit suicide?
I can't say for sure.
Were there conflicts between them?
Conflicts?
Well, Ms. Song was pregnant
with Mr. Liao's child,
but Mr. Liao wouldn't get a divorce.
She urged him to divorce and marry her.
That was the main issue.
Officer, I've told you
everything I know.
If there's nothing else,
I need to go home.
Ms. Miao.
Got it.
It's Mr. Liao's wife.
You know Liao Guangyong's wife too?
I used to work as a nanny
for their family.
I only came here
in the last couple of years.
The victim, Liao Guangyong,
male, 61 years old.
Legal representative
of Yongguang Supermarket,
a well-known local chain.
The deceased, Song Ying, female,
30 years old, a local.
With a master's degree,
she was Liao Guangyong's secretary
for a while.
She later resigned and moved
into Building 11, Fuquan Community.
The forensic unit found
this suicide note on Song Ying's laptop.
It mentions her long dissatisfaction
with Liao Guangyong's refusal to marry.
Combined with pregnancy mood swings,
she developed
intense feelings of pessimism.
So she prepared poison in advance,
poisoned Liao Guangyong on her birthday,
and then committed suicide.
Can we confirm that this suicide note
was written by Song Ying herself?
We can't confirm that yet.
The note was indeed found
on her own laptop.
But since her laptop had no password,
it's uncertain if someone else
who accessed her laptop did it.
Toxins were confirmed
in Song Ying's body.
The cup and thermos on the nightstand
contained the same toxic agent.
The estimated time of death
is around midnight last night.
Fuquan Community's surveillance system
is quite comprehensive.
Cameras are at the entrance
and in elevators.
So far, it matches
the nanny's description.
Based on the building layout,
only Liao Guangyong and Song Ying
are on this floor of Building 11.
The nanny left via the elevator
at 7 PM yesterday.
She reappeared at 8 AM this morning.
Since there are no cameras
in this floor's hallway,
we can't rule out the possibility
that someone entered
via the fire escape stairwell,
which also lacks surveillance.
The entry door is intact.
No signs of forced entry or struggle
were found at the scene.
Inside, only the fingerprints
of Liao Guangyong,
Song Ying, and the nanny were found.
No valuable leads were found.
Both victims' IDs, wallets,
and phones were inside the apartment.
A safe was also found
in the master bedroom,
with no signs of tampering.
How's Liao Guangyong now?
He's not out of the woods yet.
He may not wake up.
From 7 PM last night
to 8 AM this morning,
where were you?
At Jiulong Hot Springs.
I had a get-together with some friends.
I went there yesterday.
If you hadn't called,
I wouldn't be back until tomorrow.
About Liao Guangyong and Song Ying...
Well,
that place was bought when Liao and I
celebrated our crystal anniversary.
I lived there for several years.
Did Liao Guangyong
mention divorce to you?
He did.
But that was
about five or six years ago.
I felt that
since there was no love left,
I was willing to divorce.
But the family assets and the company
had to be split equally.
After all, he and I started
from scratch and had built it together
since we were young.
But later,
he never brought up divorce again.
Did you know Song Ying was pregnant?
Yes, I knew.
When did you find out?
She came to me with the report,
asking me to step aside for her and Liao
to give their child a home.
I told her the same thing:
I'll divorce anytime,
as long as Liao agrees to my terms.
Do you believe Song Ying did it?
Song Ying?
I don't know.
Did Liao Guangyong offend anyone else?
After so many years in business,
it's impossible to say
we haven't offended anyone.
But deep hatred?
Mom.
Not to that extent.
Hua.
Take it easy, Mom.
How's Dad?
Liao Guangyong's son?
Yes, and you are?
I'm with the city CID.
Hello, I'm Liao Huasheng.
I'm with the Beicheng District
Urban Management.
Could you tell me
what exactly happened to my dad?
I'll tell you.
Okay, take it slow.
What's wrong?
Zhao,
did you change the elderly patient
in Bed 17 just now?
Changing the burial clothes
calls for an extra red packet, you know.
You should ask them for it.
It's fine. It was no trouble.
I'm exhausted.
What should we eat?
Anything works. Zhao, will you come?
You go ahead.
Sorry.
My apologies.
(Miss Yang)
(Peninsula Ocean International)
(Yunxi Police Department)
The case is still under investigation.
(Yunxi Police)
We hope you two can assist us
to uncover the truth quickly.
The truth?
The truth is my daughter
was the other woman who wrecked a home.
She died pregnant.
And you claim she's a murder suspect?
Just suspicion. No charges filed.
We're still investigating.
My daughter made a moral mistake.
But she could never kill anyone.
And she had no reason to kill herself.
On her birthday afternoon,
she video-called me for over an hour.
She told me
that Liao Guangyong
finally agreed to divorce.
This is the photo she sent me.
Look.
She called you?
Why didn't you tell me?
What good would telling you do?
We've said our piece and scolded her.
We even threatened to cut ties with her.
Wasn't she still dead set
on being with that Liao guy?
After all these years,
and she was pregnant.
Getting married was better
than being nameless forever.
My daughter was very stubborn.
She endured all these years.
She wouldn't commit suicide.
There must be something wrong.
You must get to the bottom of this.
When you spoke with Song Ying
on the phone,
was she at home?
Home?
She was squatting
in his legal wife's place.
My silly daughter was completely
manipulated by that Liao guy.
That huge diamond ring
was from Liao Guangyong, right?
Did Liao Guangyong give Song Ying
other expensive gifts?
There should've been a jade bracelet
and some gold jewelry.
Don't misunderstand.
She didn't actually care
about material things.
She rarely wore them.
They were all kept in her home safe.
Wrong combination.
It used to be this combination.
I don't know whether it was changed.
Safes like this always have spare keys.
Where would Liao Guangyong
hide that key?
Try that spot up there.
He hasn't changed that habit.
You know him quite well.
It's Liao's habit
to always keep some cash at home.
Never too much.
Usually around 100,000 RMB
and 100,000 USD.
Is this watch his?
Seems he finally agreed.
The watch is his.
He bought it abroad years ago.
How much is that watch worth?
Given the brand and style,
at least 600,000 to 700,000 yuan.
Master,
none of the watch, the jade bracelet,
and the cash
Liao Guangyong's wife mentioned
were in the safe.
I suspect this case
involves property theft.
Both the key and safe
were tampered with.
Hard to lift prints.
But we might find something
at the key's hiding spot.
Tell Long.
Have him come over.
See if he can find crucial evidence.
Any update on Jiang Yuzhen?
Investigate it again.
Bring her in too. Yes.
(Dan Qing: If it's all about hate)
(and revenge, would you still see me?)
No reply yet?
Maybe you were too direct
and scared him.
If that scared him,
how should we play this next?
Who knows what tricks Bao Hei will pull?
Well,
will he really trust us?
He has no choice.
If not, we'll add more incentive.
How did you figure that out?
(I would.)
Chief Xu has wanted to give you leave
so you can focus
on the provincial assignment.
Do you need it?
Master,
I've spoken with the leader
of the Narcotics Division.
Let's proceed as usual.
Okay.
Report anything you're unsure about
and let the organization decide.
Don't forget you're a cop.
Is Jiang Yuzhen at home?
Where did she go?
Got it. Okay.
Change of plan.
Let's go directly to the city hospital.
Got it.
Drive faster.
Knife attack!
Run! Someone's stabbing people!
What's wrong?
Knife attack!
Which room?
The ICU.
- Police!
- Make way! Run!
Hurry up!
Drop the knife!
Drop it!
Why did you kill him?
He's finally dead.
Mom got revenge for you.
I got revenge for you.
Move.
♪Replacing the weight of tears
with that of sweat♪
♪Covering the gunshot's sound
with wounds♪
♪No one is born unyielding and strong♪
♪But because someone
always rushes ahead♪
♪To shield us from the storm♪
♪When every extraordinary act
becomes routine♪
♪Just to polish the badge
upon their shoulder♪
♪Like light surging unseen
through the night♪
♪Converging into your form♪
♪Looking up♪
♪Such dazzling glory♪
♪Like hope♪
♪Reaching out its arms♪
♪Cloaked in light♪
♪Alone, they charge ahead♪
♪Traversing♪
♪The battlefield of fate♪